ROX-35875: add OpenShift Data Foundation S3 backup integration (#116653)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odf-s3-configuring-acs.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * integration/integrate-with-odf-s3.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="odf-s3-configuring-acs_{context}"]
= Configuring {rh-storage} S3 integration in {product-title}

To configure {rh-storage} S3 backups, create a new S3 API compatible integration in {product-title}.

.Prerequisites
* {rh-storage-first} is installed and configured on your OpenShift cluster.
* The Multicloud Object Gateway is available.
* You have created an `ObjectBucketClaim` (OBC) for the backup bucket.

> For more information, see the {rh-storage} documentation on creating Object Bucket Claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see "Object Bucket Claim" in the {rh-storage} documentation.
```

* You have the following information from the OBC secret and config map:

> ** The S3 endpoint URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The S3 endpoint URL
```

> ** The *Access key ID*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The *Access key ID*
```

> ** The *Secret access key*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The *Secret access key*
```

> ** The bucket name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The bucket name
```

Reviewer: (IBM style: " Except in definition lists, do not include any end punctuation if list items comprise only sentence fragments.")

* You have `read`, `write`, and `delete` permissions for the bucket.

.Procedure
. In the {product-title-short} portal, go to *Platform Configuration* -> *Integrations*.
. Scroll down to the *External backups* section and select *S3 API Compatible*.
. Click *New Integration*.
. Enter a name for *Integration Name*.
. Enter the number of backups to retain in the *Backups To Retain* box.
. For *Schedule*, select the backup frequency as daily or weekly, and select the time to run the backup process.
. Enter the *Bucket* name from your `ObjectBucketClaim`.

> . Optionally, enter an *Object Prefix* if you want to save the backups in a specific folder structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: Enter an *Object Prefix* if you want to save the backups in a specific folder structure.
```
